Aaron was going to visit his father. There was so much that he had never told his father, and he finally wanted to let him know how much he cared. When he got to his parents house an ambulance was there. His father had died in his sleep.
Monica was visiting Anna, who had been her best friend for 60 years. When Monica arrived at her house, Anna`s son said that Anna had had a massive stroke and they were not sure if she would survive. Monica sat down on the front porch.
Rose was planning her upcoming wedding. She received a call from her fiancee. He told her that he was leaving town and could not go through with the wedding. Rose hung up the phone and dropped the wedding catalogue she was reading.
Kevin took his son Zack to the doctor for a checkup. The doctor did a series of tests and came back to talk to the father and son. The doctor told them that Zack has a rare form of cancer that they have no cure for. He gives Zack 6 months to live.
Karen was pregnant and going in for her first check-up. The doctor ran a number of tests and came back in to talk with her. The doctor told Karen that her baby had a rare disease and had died. Karen pleaded with the doctor to help her.
Lucas is a painter who just moved all of his beloved paintings to a new studio. One day on his way to the studio he hears fire engines. Lucas drives up to find that his studio is on fire; all of his work has been destroyed.
Alison lives by herself. Every week her son comes to visit her and they go out to lunch. Her son just lost his job and is arguing with his wife. One day Alison gets a call from her son who tells her that he has been diagnosed with cancer.
Rudy had worked hard to get the job he has now. He can finally take care of his son and has almost saved enough to give him the gifts he wants for his birthday. Today he was called in to the office and his boss told him that he was fired.
Judy lives with her teenage daughter. Her daughter wants to have new friends and invites a number of people to her 15th birthday party. Nobody shows up to the birthday. Judy`s daughter goes into her room to cry and Judy stands helplessly.
Brett was taking his children to the family cabin. Brett was going to show his children all the family pictures and history. When they arrived the cabin was surrounded by fire trucks. Last night the cabin had burned to the ground.
