Joe was playing soccer with his friends. He slid in to steal the ball away, but his cleat stuck in the grass and he rolled over his ankle, breaking his ankle and tearing the ligaments. His face was flushed as he rolled over.
Ethan was building a small shed. He picked up the hammer to drive a nail into a board, but missed and hit his thumb, crushing his thumb and ripping off half the thumbnail. Ethan held his thumb as the blood seeped through.
Chris was chopping vegetables for dinner. When his friend asked him a question, Chris turned to respond and slipped with the knife. The knife cut a huge slice in his finger that went to the bone.
Cindy was making dinner for her family. She pulled the pot of spaghetti off the stove and walked over to the sink to drain it. The pot slipped in her grasp and spilled boiling water on her arm and leg. Cindy rushed to the freezer to get some ice.
Bill was walking along a picket fence with his friend. Bill is in kindergarten and was trying to show his friend how fast he could walk. Bill stumbled and fell onto a sharp picket. The picket pierces his leg and Bill was left hanging on the fence.
Steve and his friend were riding bicycles together. Half way down a hill Steve realized that his brakes were broken. At the bottom of the hill Steve went off the road and hit a tree with his shoulder. He sat on the ground cradling his broken arm.
Angela was putting up posters in her new room. It is early Saturday morning and she was in her pajamas. As Angela stood back, she stepped on a thumb tack that had fallen on the ground. The thumb tack went into her heel and hit the bone.
Brian was at home when a friend called to him from outside. Brian raised the window to talk to his friend. Suddenly the window came down and pinned Brian`s fingers underneath the frame. Brian had to free his fingers by pulling them out.
Lois was skiing for the first time. She was learning how to go down the easy slopes and was trying to keep her legs together. On her first run down a harder slope her legs came apart and one knee twisted around. Lois cried out.
Oscar was doing the dishes after dinner. He was talking with his friends while his hands were in the soapy water. Then Oscars hand hit a sharp knife. The knife cut deep into the skin between his fingers and the cut burned in the dirty water.
